Added instruction to run locally (#1774)
zooniverse/front-end-monorepo: packages/lib-react-components/README.md

import { ZooFooter } from '@zooniverse/react-components';
```

## Run

> `npm start` to run locally on (https://localhost:6006).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yarn start` to run the storybook locally on (https://localhost:6006).
```

Author: Updated

## Tests

> `npm test` to run mocha tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yarn test` to run mocha tests.
```

Author: Updated
